Royal Rumble was the twentieth annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment .	12	produced	made	create or manufacture a man-made product
It rapidly intensified into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph winds that afternoon .	2	intensified	strengthened	increase in extent or intensity
In 1962 , Steinbeck received the Nobel Prize for Literature .	4	received	won	get something; come into possession of
The conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of Emperor Kammu , the 50th sovereign of the Yamato dynasty .	28	sovereign	monarch	a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right
Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s is a music video game and the third installment in the popular Guitar Hero series .	15	installment	consoles	a part of a broadcast serial
Students are obligated to attend the central high school .	2	obligated	forced	force somebody to do something
Mattimeo is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1989 .	9	published	written	put into print
Jackals may occasionally assemble in small packs , for example to scavenge a carcass , but normally hunt alone or as a pair .	13	carcass	animal	the dead body of an animal especially one slaughtered and dressed for food
Fornjot , or Saturn XLII , is a natural satellite of Saturn .	9	satellite	moon	any celestial body orbiting around a planet or star
Pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of Russia about east from the Estonian border , on the Velikaya River .	3	ancient	old	belonging to times long past especially of the historical period before the fall of the Western Roman Empire
In this book she introduced the now-universal practice of listing the ingredients and suggested cooking times with each recipe .	7	practice	use	knowledge of how something is usually done
The reason for deletion is shown in the summary below , along with details of the users who had edited this page before deletion .	19	edited	changed	prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting
These professional ninja were actively hired by daimyos between 1485 and 1581 , until Oda Nobunaga invaded Iga province and wiped out the organized clans .	16	invaded	attacked	march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purposes of conquest and occupation
Dracula is an 1897 novel by Irish author Bram Stoker , featuring as its primary antagonist the vampire Count Dracula .	15	antagonist	horror	someone who offers opposition
Domestically , Chávez has maintained nationwide Bolivarian Missions , whose goals are to combat disease , illiteracy , malnutrition , poverty , and other social ills .	13	combat	fight	battle or contend against in or as if in a battle
Vithoba , also known as Vitthala and Panduranga , is a Hindu god , worshipped predominantly in the Indian states of Maharashtra , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh .	15	predominantly	mainly	much greater in number or influence
Aron Mohamed Winter is a retired Dutch football midfielder .	5	retired	former	go into retirement; stop performing one's work or withdraw from one's position
The Unification Church is a new religious movement founded by Korean religious leader Sun Myung Moon .	8	founded	started	set up or found
He is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .	17	longevity	life	the property of being long-lived
Wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .	1	settled	moved	establish or develop as a residence
Van Gogh did not begin painting until his late twenties , and most of his best-known works were produced during his final two years .	18	produced	made	create or manufacture a man-made product
Winners from regional Golden Gloves competitions compete in the national competition , called the Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions .	5	competitions	tournaments	an occasion on which a winner is selected from among two or more contestants
Samir Nasri is a French international footballer who plays his club football for the English Premier League side Arsenal .	6	footballer	player	an athlete who plays American football
The narrator chops up the body and conceals the pieces under the floorboards .	7	conceals	hides	prevent from being seen or discovered
Elsa and her new husband are ushered in with the well-known bridal chorus , and the couple express their love for each other .	17	express	say	articulate; either verbally or with a cry, shout, or noise
