The giant huntsman spider was discovered in northern Laos in 2001 .	5	discovered	found	make a discovery, make a new finding
The identity of the Balkans is dominated by its geographical position ; historically the area was known as a crossroads of various cultures .	21	various	several	having great diversity or variety
For instance , many of the Germanic states converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the Pope .	19	grasp	power	an intellectual hold or understanding
In Switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	9	repealed	removed	cancel officially
Urie brawls with the chief , but is apprehended .	1	brawls	fights	to quarrel noisily, angrily or disruptively
Madrasah is the Arabic word of Semitic origin for any type of educational institution , whether secular or religious .	13	institution	school	an organization founded and united for a specific purpose
Initially rejected by many publishers , the manuscript was eventually bought by Wynwood Press , who gave it a modest 5,000-copy printing and published it in June 1988 . ''	7	manuscript	book	the form of a literary work submitted for publication	
Although Grace was over waters normally not warm enough for tropical cyclone development , low wind shear allowed the convection to persist .	21	persist	exist	continue to exist
To stop Wario , Mario must find the 6 Golden Coins throughout Mario Land to reclaim his castle .	15	reclaim	retrieve	claim back
According to general relativity , space can expand faster than the speed of light , although we can view only a small portion of the universe due to the limitation imposed by light speed .	22	portion	part	something determined in relation to something that includes it
In 1991 he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government .	4	awarded	given	give, especially as an honor or reward
His family moved to Tuakau in 1920 , after his father was allocated land there .	12	allocated	gotten	distribute according to a plan or set apart for a special purpose
When the war ended Sartre established Les Temps Modernes , a monthly literary and political review , and started writing full-time as well as continuing his political activism .	5	established	started	set up or found
He sought to be a motorcycle mechanic , but instead he was assigned as a medic .	1	sought	tried	try to get or reach
Parasites , pimps , and courtesans often praise the gods with scant ceremony .	11	scant	little	limit in quality or quantity
Trashware is computer equipment assembled from old hardware , using parts from different computers , for use by disadvantaged people to bridge the digital divide .	4	assembled	built	create by putting components or members together
These masses are obtained by applying the laws of gravity to the measured characteristics of the orbit .	13	characteristics	things	a prominent attribute or aspect of something
After many attempts to start fires that continue to wear out , Danielle won the fire starting tie-breaker , and Cirie was eliminated from the game .	22	eliminated	removed	remove from a contest or race
The second caliph Umar at one time prohibited women from attending mosques especially at night because he feared they may be teased by males , so he required them to pray at home .	7	prohibited	stopped	command against
Part of the reason for this is that since the developers are employees of the publisher , their interests are as exactly aligned with those of the publisher as is possible .	12	employees	workers	a worker who is hired to perform a job
Excessive heat kills the symbiotic bacteria that some aphids depend on , which makes the aphids infertile . Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing , and knocks aphids off plants and thus kills them from the impact or by starvation .	23	dispersing	places	move away from each other
Even in summer , conditions can be atrocious ; thick fog , strong winds , driving rain and freezing summit temperatures are not unusual .	7	atrocious	bad	exceptionally bad or displeasing
The team relocated from Houston , Texas to the state of Tennessee in 1997 , first playing temporarily in Memphis for one season before moving to Nashville .	2	relocated	moved	move or establish in a new location
This will help prevent rain water from washing out the sod . Sod staples may be applied to hold the sod in place , but are only required on slopes or in ditches .	16	applied	used	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
B of the Bang originally stood 56 m tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core .	17	radiating	coming	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center
Combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in November 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	13	estimated	thought	judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)
Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War , Armenia has committed many elements of the army to help bolster the defense and defend the unrecognized Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh from a possible renewal of hostilities with neighboring Azerbaijan .	18	bolster	boost	support and strengthen
World Conservation Union is the foremost authority on threatened species , and treats threatened species not as a single category , but as a group of three categories : vulnerable , endangered , and critically endangered , depending on the degree to which they are threatened .	27	categories	groups	a collection of things sharing a common attribute
Darwinism is a term used for various movements or concepts related to ideas of transmutation of species or evolution , including ideas with no connection to the work of Charles Darwin .	9	concepts	ideas	an abstract or general idea inferred or derived from specific instances
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after a revote .	10	deadlocked	tied	at a complete standstill because of opposition of two unrelenting forces or factions
In 1912 he continued his musical education at the Leipzig Conservatory where he learned to conduct by watching the eminent Hungarian conductor Arthur Nikisch .	19	eminent	great	standing above others in quality or position
Lilian Jackson Braun is an American writer , well-known for her light-hearted series of '' The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .	21	novels	books	an extended fictional work in prose; usually in the form of a story
In 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce Saturday afternoon and Sunday shifts .	4	attempted	tried	make an effort or attempt
Precapillary sphincters are rings of smooth muscles at the origin of true capillaries that regulate blood flow into true capillaries and thus control blood flow through a tissue .	9	origin	start	the place where something begins, where it springs into being
In western music , dissonance is the quality of sounds which seems `` unstable '' , and has an aural `` need '' to `` resolve '' to a `` stable '' consonance . Both consonance and dissonance are words applied to harmony , chords , and intervals and by extension to melody , tonality , and even rhythm and metre .	13	unstable	certain	lacking stability or fixity or firmness
The Washington Monument is an obelisk near the west end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , built to commemorate the first U.S. president , General George Washington .	21	commemorate	remember	be or provide a memorial to a person or an event
The southbound Crescent from New York City , for the same period , terminated in Atlanta , Georgia , with the corresponding northbound trains originating in Atlanta as well .	13	terminated	stopped	be the end of; be the last or concluding part of
On Cape Cod , Massachusetts , an HU-25 Falcon jet flew along the coastline , broadcasting storm advisories to offshore vessels .	20	vessels	boats	a craft designed for water transportation
Pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration , also known as neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 1 and formerly called Hallervorden-Spatz syndrome , is a degenerative disease of the brain that can lead to parkinsonism , dystonia , dementia , and ultimately death .	21	degenerative	hallervorden-spatz	(of illness) marked by gradual deterioration of organs and cells along with loss of function
The term was later used to denote the head of a community of priests , as the chapter of a cathedral , or a section of a diocese .	6	denote	describe	have as a meaning
In New Zealand , publishing anything promoting or supporting urolagnia , whether in print or online , is an offense punishable by up to ten years in prison .	19	offense	offence	a transgression that constitutes a violation of what is judged to be right
The lower regions and larger towns of the Alps are well served by motorways and main roads , but higher passes and by-roads can be treacherous even in summer .	25	treacherous	bad	dangerously unstable and unpredictable
The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by merging the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen .	9	merging	joining	become one
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 9 , 1992 .	2	aired	started	be broadcast
A new `` rage '' system has been added , giving characters more damage per hit when their vitality is below a certain point .	18	vitality	health	a healthy capacity for vigorous activity
Christian groups that do not follow a liturgical tradition often retain certain celebrations , such as Christmas , Easter and Pentecost .	10	retain	keep	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
The last section has less gradient , and the river begins to meander before it enters the Dead Sea , which is about 422 metres below sea level and has no outlet .	12	meander	twist	a bend or curve, as in a stream or river
Gold was found in the area in 1851 which brought an influx of prospectors during the Victorian Gold Rush .	11	influx	part	the process of flowing in
The former CLFEX was converted to a NAAFI under the British and finally demolished in 2006 .	13	demolished	destroyed	destroy completely
The recipient is announced during half-time of Chick-fil-A Bowl on December 31 in Atlanta , Georgia .	1	recipient	winner	a person who receives something
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily shifted their style to heavy metal .	15	shifted	changed	make a shift in or exchange of
It has been owned since 1998 by the large German private media corporation Bertelsmann and has become the umbrella brand for Bertelsmann book publishing .	12	corporation	company	a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some state
Individuals have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of introducing insect pests from Australia which attack the trees .	11	introducing	bringing	bring in or establish in a new place or environment
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of the primary design objectives .	6	exhibit	build	show an attribute, property, knowledge, or skill
Rebel forces entered and took the city in 1990 , forcing then President of Somalia Mohamed Siad Barre to flee in 1991 to Kenya .	19	flee	leave	run away quickly
Reintroduction is the deliberate release of species into the wild , from captivity or relocated from other areas where the species survives .	14	relocated	moved	move or establish in a new location
By 1924 , three-cushion had become so popular that two giants in other billiard disciplines agreed to take up the game especially for a challenge match .	14	disciplines	areas	a branch of knowledge
It has about 167,013 inhabitants and is the main comune of the Province of Reggio Emilia .	4	inhabitants	people	a person who inhabits a particular place
The Gobi is a cold desert , and it is not uncommon to see frost and occasionally snow on its dunes .	16	occasionally	sometimes	sporadically and infrequently
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean , peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central Atlantic .	33	traversed	traveled	travel across or pass over
They subsequently studied with the Alban Berg Quartet at Cologne .	1	subsequently	then	happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
These are principles the orchestra still holds today .	2	principles	decisions	a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct
Bauer is often in the field for the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit as it tries to safeguard the nation from terrorist threats .	17	safeguard	protect	make safe
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .	9	inaugural	first	serving to set in motion
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	1	emerged	came	become known or apparent
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .	2	appointed	made	assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to
A number of hypotheses of modes of formation have been put forward .	3	hypotheses	theories	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .	9	odor	smell	any property detected by the olfactory system
Several transient features were observed , such as the `` whaleback , '' which comprised long shafts of solidified magma being extruded by the pressure of magma beneath .	21	extruded	pushed	form or shape by forcing through an opening
In reward for good behavior , Johns was issued with a ticket of leave on arrival , and on 10 March 1855 he received a conditional pardon .	8	issued	given	circulate or distribute or equip with
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .	2	resides	lives	make one's home in a particular place or community
In 1804 , he gave money to Talleyrand to purchase Château de Valençay , a large estate outside Paris .	9	purchase	buy	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction
The object is to reach a set number of points determined by agreement before the game .	1	object	aim	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
The bear became quite adept at escaping from its home and could frequently be found roaming Lincoln Park at night .	15	roaming	wandering	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
The is the most prestigious horse race run in Japan .	4	prestigious	important	having an illustrious reputation; respected
Ferry service between Fajardo and the islands of Culebra and Vieques was temporarily suspended during the passage of the storm .	13	suspended	stopped	make inoperative or stop
Dr. Schön comes in to try to 
convince her to perform .	7	convince	persuade	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
Under the Local Government Act 1972 , the county and administrative county of Glamorgan was abolished on 1 April 1974 , with three new counties being established , each containing a former county borough - West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan , South Glamorgan .	15	abolished	replaced	do away with
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 , though this designation was largely ignored by supporters .	20	designation	name	identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels , the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .	6	incorporated	added	unite or merge with something already in existence
Each program addresses a single theme , marked by a theme song , which is introduced verse by verse .	2	addresses	teaches	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
It is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .	9	circuits	tracks	a racetrack for automobile races
This article covers the details of the Preparations for Hurricane Katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of Louisiana , Mississippi , and Alabama .	18	devastated	destroyed	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
IBM manufactures and sells computer hardware and software , and offers infrastructure services , hosting services , and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology .	1	manufactures	makes	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts
A robe is a loose-fitting outer garment .	6	garment	clothing	an article of clothing
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .	8	garment	clothing	an article of clothing
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for the purpose of facilitating the investigation of an aircraft accident or incident .	14	facilitating	investigating	make easier
At the Voyager 2 images Cordelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .	9	elongated	stretched	having notably more length than width; being long and slender
His relationship with his wife deteriorated as his beliefs became increasingly radical and he sought to reject his inherited and earned wealth , including the renunciation of the copyrights on his earlier works .	14	sought	tried	make an effort or attempt
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .	6	inhabitants	people	a person who inhabits a particular place
There were eight Austen children ; as Cassandra and Jane were the only girls they maintained an especially close relationship throughout their lives .	15	maintained	kept	cause to continue in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g., `keep clean'
Scientists may utilize press machines to induce compression .	2	utilize	do	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
Exceptions are made for situations such as public changing rooms , which tend to be single-sex venues , and saunas , which tend to be mixed-sex venues .	26	venues	places	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight .	2	diagram	picture	a drawing intended to explain how something works; a drawing showing the relation between the parts
In Chinese art , Angida is sometimes portrayed as Budai , being rotund , laughing , and carrying a bag .	12	rotund	plump	excessively fat
But in 1963 , the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population .	16	apportion	give	distribute according to a plan or set apart for a special purpose
Religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	7	precepts	beliefs	rule of personal conduct
To drive , the player can either commandeer one of the vehicles that litter the road , a feature taken from Grand Theft Auto III , or use a phone booth to select a car .	7	commandeer	drive	take arbitrarily or by force
National Hurricane Center forecaster Jack Beven noted that `` as it moved out into the Bahamas , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . ''	6	noted	said	make mention of
Some viruses can `` hide '' within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .	36	replicate	make	reproduce or make an exact copy of
He was dismissed from the Reichswehr film service on account of his support for the strike that followed the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .	2	dismissed	thrown	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
It is not known whether the railways enhanced the existing dam or built a new facility .	7	enhanced	improved	increased or intensified in value or beauty or quality
Only tag for deletion your own personal pages , and only if you have a genuine reason for requesting a personal subpage of yours be deleted .	15	genuine	proper	not pretended; sincerely felt or expressed
