The giant huntsman spider was discovered in northern Laos in 2001 .	5	discovered	found
The identity of the Balkans is dominated by its geographical position ; historically the area was known as a crossroads of various cultures .	21	various	several
For instance , many of the Germanic states converted to Protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the Pope .	19	grasp	power
In Switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	9	repealed	removed
Urie brawls with the chief , but is apprehended .	1	brawls	fights
Madrasah is the Arabic word of Semitic origin for any type of educational institution , whether secular or religious .	13	institution	school
Initially rejected by many publishers , the manuscript was eventually bought by Wynwood Press , who gave it a modest 5,000-copy printing and published it in June 1988 . ''	7	manuscript	book
Sections of the track were removed and relaid at other athletics venues , and the ground level was lowered to make way for an additional tier of seating .	7	relaid	placed
Although Grace was over waters normally not warm enough for tropical cyclone development , low wind shear allowed the convection to persist .	21	persist	exist
To stop Wario , Mario must find the 6 Golden Coins throughout Mario Land to reclaim his castle .	15	reclaim	retrieve
According to general relativity , space can expand faster than the speed of light , although we can view only a small portion of the universe due to the limitation imposed by light speed .	22	portion	part
In 1991 he was awarded the prestigious Wolf Prize by the Israeli Government .	4	awarded	given
His family moved to Tuakau in 1920 , after his father was allocated land there .	12	allocated	gotten
When the war ended Sartre established Les Temps Modernes , a monthly literary and political review , and started writing full-time as well as continuing his political activism .	5	established	started
He sought to be a motorcycle mechanic , but instead he was assigned as a medic .	1	sought	tried
Parasites , pimps , and courtesans often praise the gods with scant ceremony .	11	scant	little
Trashware is computer equipment assembled from old hardware , using parts from different computers , for use by disadvantaged people to bridge the digital divide .	4	assembled	built
These masses are obtained by applying the laws of gravity to the measured characteristics of the orbit .	13	characteristics	things
After many attempts to start fires that continue to wear out , Danielle won the fire starting tie-breaker , and Cirie was eliminated from the game .	22	eliminated	removed
The second caliph Umar at one time prohibited women from attending mosques especially at night because he feared they may be teased by males , so he required them to pray at home .	7	prohibited	stopped
Part of the reason for this is that since the developers are employees of the publisher , their interests are as exactly aligned with those of the publisher as is possible .	12	employees	workers
Excessive heat kills the symbiotic bacteria that some aphids depend on , which makes the aphids infertile . Rain prevents winged aphids from dispersing , and knocks aphids off plants and thus kills them from the impact or by starvation .	23	dispersing	places
Even in summer , conditions can be atrocious ; thick fog , strong winds , driving rain and freezing summit temperatures are not unusual .	7	atrocious	bad
The team relocated from Houston , Texas to the state of Tennessee in 1997 , first playing temporarily in Memphis for one season before moving to Nashville .	2	relocated	moved
This will help prevent rain water from washing out the sod . Sod staples may be applied to hold the sod in place , but are only required on slopes or in ditches .	16	applied	used
B of the Bang originally stood 56 m tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core .	17	radiating	coming
Combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in November 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	13	estimated	thought
Slade grows frustrated at Copper for constantly wandering off to play , and places him on a leash .	2	frustrated	angry
Since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War , Armenia has committed many elements of the army to help bolster the defense and defend the unrecognized Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh from a possible renewal of hostilities with neighboring Azerbaijan .	18	bolster	boost
World Conservation Union is the foremost authority on threatened species , and treats threatened species not as a single category , but as a group of three categories : vulnerable , endangered , and critically endangered , depending on the degree to which they are threatened .	27	categories	groups
Darwinism is a term used for various movements or concepts related to ideas of transmutation of species or evolution , including ideas with no connection to the work of Charles Darwin .	9	concepts	ideas
Ian and Jenn tied 2-2 , and they were still deadlocked 1-1 after a revote .	10	deadlocked	tied
In 1912 he continued his musical education at the Leipzig Conservatory where he learned to conduct by watching the eminent Hungarian conductor Arthur Nikisch .	19	eminent	great
On June 15 , 2007 , the band began their first official headlining tour in support of The Sufferer & the Witness ; it was a North American tour that lasted throughout the summer months .	12	headlining	big
Lilian Jackson Braun is an American writer , well-known for her light-hearted series of '' The Cat Who ... '' mystery novels .	21	novels	books
In 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce Saturday afternoon and Sunday shifts .	4	attempted	tried
Precapillary sphincters are rings of smooth muscles at the origin of true capillaries that regulate blood flow into true capillaries and thus control blood flow through a tissue .	9	origin	start
In western music , dissonance is the quality of sounds which seems `` unstable '' , and has an aural `` need '' to `` resolve '' to a `` stable '' consonance . Both consonance and dissonance are words applied to harmony , chords , and intervals and by extension to melody , tonality , and even rhythm and metre .	13	unstable	certain
The Washington Monument is an obelisk near the west end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , built to commemorate the first U.S. president , General George Washington .	21	commemorate	remember
The southbound Crescent from New York City , for the same period , terminated in Atlanta , Georgia , with the corresponding northbound trains originating in Atlanta as well .	13	terminated	stopped
On Cape Cod , Massachusetts , an HU-25 Falcon jet flew along the coastline , broadcasting storm advisories to offshore vessels .	20	vessels	boats
Pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration , also known as neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation 1 and formerly called Hallervorden-Spatz syndrome , is a degenerative disease of the brain that can lead to parkinsonism , dystonia , dementia , and ultimately death .	21	degenerative	hallervorden-spatz
The term was later used to denote the head of a community of priests , as the chapter of a cathedral , or a section of a diocese .	6	denote	describe
In New Zealand , publishing anything promoting or supporting urolagnia , whether in print or online , is an offense punishable by up to ten years in prison .	19	offense	offence
The lower regions and larger towns of the Alps are well served by motorways and main roads , but higher passes and by-roads can be treacherous even in summer .	25	treacherous	bad
The district of Alb-Donau was established in 1973 by merging the former districts of Ulm and Ehingen .	9	merging	joining
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 9 , 1992 .	2	aired	started
A new `` rage '' system has been added , giving characters more damage per hit when their vitality is below a certain point .	18	vitality	health
Christian groups that do not follow a liturgical tradition often retain certain celebrations , such as Christmas , Easter and Pentecost .	10	retain	keep
By September 17 , Felix had dropped to tropical storm strength , and it dissipated two days later .	14	dissipated	died
The last section has less gradient , and the river begins to meander before it enters the Dead Sea , which is about 422 metres below sea level and has no outlet .	12	meander	twist
Gold was found in the area in 1851 which brought an influx of prospectors during the Victorian Gold Rush .	11	influx	part
The former CLFEX was converted to a NAAFI under the British and finally demolished in 2006 .	13	demolished	destroyed
The recipient is announced during half-time of Chick-fil-A Bowl on December 31 in Atlanta , Georgia .	1	recipient	winner
A caching proxy server accelerates service requests by retrieving content saved from a previous request made by the same client or even other clients .	8	retrieving	contacting
In 2001 , it was discovered that Patroclus is a binary object , made up of two components of roughly similar size .	17	components	asteroids
Crucified Barbara started out in 1998 as a punk rock band , but they speedily shifted their style to heavy metal .	15	shifted	changed
It has been owned since 1998 by the large German private media corporation Bertelsmann and has become the umbrella brand for Bertelsmann book publishing .	12	corporation	company
Individuals have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of introducing insect pests from Australia which attack the trees .	11	introducing	bringing
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of the primary design objectives .	6	exhibit	build
Rebel forces entered and took the city in 1990 , forcing then President of Somalia Mohamed Siad Barre to flee in 1991 to Kenya .	19	flee	leave
It is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .	9	circuits	tracks
With the completion of the East Stand , Barnsley FC became the first football club in Yorkshire to incorporate ` executive boxes ' into their stadium .	18	incorporate	add
There were eight Austen children ; as Cassandra and Jane were the only girls they maintained an especially close relationship throughout their lives .	15	maintained	kept
A number of hypotheses of modes of formation have been put forward .	3	hypotheses	theories
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for the purpose of facilitating the investigation of an aircraft accident or incident .	14	facilitating	investigating
A robe is a loose-fitting outer garment .	6	garment	clothing
Only tag for deletion your own personal pages , and only if you have a genuine reason for requesting a personal subpage of yours be deleted .	15	genuine	proper
Religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	7	precepts	beliefs
In 1836 , approval was granted for the establishment of a Post Office at Queanbeyan on the Limestone Plains .	8	establishment	government
The bear became quite adept at escaping from its home and could frequently be found roaming Lincoln Park at night .	15	roaming	wandering
Each program addresses a single theme , marked by a theme song , which is introduced verse by verse .	2	addresses	teaches
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .	2	resides	lives
Scientists may utilize press machines to induce compression .	2	utilize	do
In 1804 , he gave money to Talleyrand to purchase Château de Valençay , a large estate outside Paris .	9	purchase	buy
It is not known whether the railways enhanced the existing dam or built a new facility .	7	enhanced	improved
At the Voyager 2 images Cordelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .	9	elongated	stretched
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels , the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .	6	incorporated	added
Exceptions are made for situations such as public changing rooms , which tend to be single-sex venues , and saunas , which tend to be mixed-sex venues .	26	venues	places
A Coast Guard patrol boat was deployed offshore for search and rescue .	6	deployed	sent
Reintroduction is the deliberate release of species into the wild , from captivity or relocated from other areas where the species survives .	14	relocated	moved
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .	9	odor	smell
This article covers the details of the Preparations for Hurricane Katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of Louisiana , Mississippi , and Alabama .	18	devastated	destroyed
Some viruses can `` hide '' within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .	36	replicate	make
The Draft was first used during the brand extension of 2002 , though it was officially incepted and used in 2004 .	16	incepted	created
To drive , the player can either commandeer one of the vehicles that litter the road , a feature taken from Grand Theft Auto III , or use a phone booth to select a car .	7	commandeer	drive
Ferry service between Fajardo and the islands of Culebra and Vieques was temporarily suspended during the passage of the storm .	13	suspended	stopped
Bauer is often in the field for the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit as it tries to safeguard the nation from terrorist threats .	17	safeguard	protect
But in 1963 , the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population .	16	apportion	give
In Chinese art , Angida is sometimes portrayed as Budai , being rotund , laughing , and carrying a bag .	12	rotund	plump
Depiction of semen in art and popular culture has , for a long time , been considered a taboo subject .	0	depiction	showing
Bioluminescence may also be used to entice prey , and some species use colourful displays to impress mates , startle predators , or even communicate with one another .	19	startle	amaze
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	1	emerged	came
He was dismissed from the Reichswehr film service on account of his support for the strike that followed the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .	2	dismissed	thrown
IBM manufactures and sells computer hardware and software , and offers infrastructure services , hosting services , and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology .	1	manufactures	makes
It was produced by Hanna-Barbera and was based on the Justice League of America and associated comic book characters published by DC Comics .	15	associated	related
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .	9	inaugural	first
The is the most prestigious horse race run in Japan .	4	prestigious	important
His relationship with his wife deteriorated as his beliefs became increasingly radical and he sought to reject his inherited and earned wealth , including the renunciation of the copyrights on his earlier works .	14	sought	tried
Several transient features were observed , such as the `` whaleback , '' which comprised long shafts of solidified magma being extruded by the pressure of magma beneath .	21	extruded	pushed
