The Gobi is a cold desert , and it is not uncommon to see frost and occasionally snow on its dunes .	16	occasionally	sometimes	sporadically and infrequently
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean , peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central Atlantic .	33	traversed	traveled	travel across or pass over
They subsequently studied with the Alban Berg Quartet at Cologne .	1	subsequently	then	happening at a time subsequent to a reference time
These are principles the orchestra still holds today .	2	principles	decisions	a basic generalization that is accepted as true and that can be used as a basis for reasoning or conduct
Bauer is often in the field for the Los Angeles Counter Terrorist Unit as it tries to safeguard the nation from terrorist threats .	17	safeguard	protect	make safe
The event was created in 2005 , with its inaugural event produced in January of that year .	9	inaugural	first	serving to set in motion
Britpop emerged from the British independent music scene of the early 1990s and was characterised by bands influenced by British guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .	1	emerged	came	become known or apparent
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .	2	appointed	made	assign a duty, responsibility or obligation to
A number of hypotheses of modes of formation have been put forward .	3	hypotheses	theories	a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .	9	odor	smell	any property detected by the olfactory system
Several transient features were observed , such as the `` whaleback , '' which comprised long shafts of solidified magma being extruded by the pressure of magma beneath .	21	extruded	pushed	form or shape by forcing through an opening
In reward for good behavior , Johns was issued with a ticket of leave on arrival , and on 10 March 1855 he received a conditional pardon .	8	issued	given	circulate or distribute or equip with
Derwinski currently resides in Glen Ellyn , Illinois with his wife , the former Bonita Hickey .	2	resides	lives	make one's home in a particular place or community
In 1804 , he gave money to Talleyrand to purchase Château de Valençay , a large estate outside Paris .	9	purchase	buy	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction
The object is to reach a set number of points determined by agreement before the game .	1	object	aim	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)
The bear became quite adept at escaping from its home and could frequently be found roaming Lincoln Park at night .	15	roaming	wandering	move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment
The is the most prestigious horse race run in Japan .	4	prestigious	important	having an illustrious reputation; respected
Ferry service between Fajardo and the islands of Culebra and Vieques was temporarily suspended during the passage of the storm .	13	suspended	stopped	make inoperative or stop
Dr. Schön comes in to try to 
convince her to perform .	7	convince	persuade	make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something
Under the Local Government Act 1972 , the county and administrative county of Glamorgan was abolished on 1 April 1974 , with three new counties being established , each containing a former county borough - West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan , South Glamorgan .	15	abolished	replaced	do away with
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 , though this designation was largely ignored by supporters .	20	designation	name	identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others
Access to this area was also incorporated into the neighbouring East Stand on several levels , the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .	6	incorporated	added	unite or merge with something already in existence
Each program addresses a single theme , marked by a theme song , which is introduced verse by verse .	2	addresses	teaches	act on verbally or in some form of artistic expression
It is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .	9	circuits	tracks	a racetrack for automobile races
This article covers the details of the Preparations for Hurricane Katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of Louisiana , Mississippi , and Alabama .	18	devastated	destroyed	cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
IBM manufactures and sells computer hardware and software , and offers infrastructure services , hosting services , and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology .	1	manufactures	makes	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts
A robe is a loose-fitting outer garment .	6	garment	clothing	an article of clothing
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .	8	garment	clothing	an article of clothing
A flight recorder is a recorder placed in an aircraft for the purpose of facilitating the investigation of an aircraft accident or incident .	14	facilitating	investigating	make easier
At the Voyager 2 images Cordelia appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards Uranus .	9	elongated	stretched	having notably more length than width; being long and slender
His relationship with his wife deteriorated as his beliefs became increasingly radical and he sought to reject his inherited and earned wealth , including the renunciation of the copyrights on his earlier works .	14	sought	tried	make an effort or attempt
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .	6	inhabitants	people	a person who inhabits a particular place
There were eight Austen children ; as Cassandra and Jane were the only girls they maintained an especially close relationship throughout their lives .	15	maintained	kept	cause to continue in a certain state, position, or activity; e.g., `keep clean'
Scientists may utilize press machines to induce compression .	2	utilize	do	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose
Exceptions are made for situations such as public changing rooms , which tend to be single-sex venues , and saunas , which tend to be mixed-sex venues .	26	venues	places	the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight .	2	diagram	picture	a drawing intended to explain how something works; a drawing showing the relation between the parts
In Chinese art , Angida is sometimes portrayed as Budai , being rotund , laughing , and carrying a bag .	12	rotund	plump	excessively fat
But in 1963 , the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that state legislatures must apportion seats in both houses according to population .	16	apportion	give	distribute according to a plan or set apart for a special purpose
Religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	7	precepts	beliefs	rule of personal conduct
To drive , the player can either commandeer one of the vehicles that litter the road , a feature taken from Grand Theft Auto III , or use a phone booth to select a car .	7	commandeer	drive	take arbitrarily or by force
National Hurricane Center forecaster Jack Beven noted that `` as it moved out into the Bahamas , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . ''	6	noted	said	make mention of
Some viruses can `` hide '' within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .	36	replicate	make	reproduce or make an exact copy of
He was dismissed from the Reichswehr film service on account of his support for the strike that followed the assassination of Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg .	2	dismissed	thrown	terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position
It is not known whether the railways enhanced the existing dam or built a new facility .	7	enhanced	improved	increased or intensified in value or beauty or quality
Only tag for deletion your own personal pages , and only if you have a genuine reason for requesting a personal subpage of yours be deleted .	15	genuine	proper	not pretended; sincerely felt or expressed
