In 2005 , the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Dr. Marshall and his long-time collaborator Dr. Warren `` for their discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease '' .	36	role	part
National Hurricane Center forecaster Jack Beven noted that `` as it moved out into the Bahamas , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . ''	6	noted	said
It has about 167,013 inhabitants and is the main comune of the Province of Reggio Emilia .	4	inhabitants	people
Under the Local Government Act 1972 , the county and administrative county of Glamorgan was abolished on 1 April 1974 , with three new counties being established , each containing a former county borough - West Glamorgan , Mid Glamorgan , South Glamorgan .	15	abolished	replaced
Phillip was appointed Governor of New South Wales , the first European colony on the Australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of Sydney .	2	appointed	made
They subsequently studied with the Alban Berg Quartet at Cologne .	1	subsequently	then
Dr. Schön comes in to try to convince her to perform .	7	convince	persuade
Muslims are also discouraged from wearing clothing with distracting images and symbols so as not to divert the attention of those standing behind them during prayer .	16	divert	distract
The South Stand was officially named the Key 103 Stand for sponsorship reasons from 2003 to 2006 , though this designation was largely ignored by supporters .	20	designation	name
Helene was a long-lived Cape Verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the North Atlantic Ocean , peaking as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central Atlantic .	33	traversed	traveled
A skirt is a tube - or cone-shaped garment that hangs from the waist and covers all or part of the legs .	8	garment	clothing
The object is to reach a set number of points determined by agreement before the game .	1	object	aim
These are principles the orchestra still holds today .	2	principles	decisions
The Gobi is a cold desert , and it is not uncommon to see frost and occasionally snow on its dunes .	16	occasionally	sometimes
They appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone in October 2002 with the words `` Rock is Back : meet the Vines '' boldly emblazoned underneath .	24	emblazoned	emblazed
He advocated ' a long march through the institutions ' of power to create radical change from within government and society by becoming an integral part of the machinery .	24	integral	important
By 1924 , three-cushion had become so popular that two giants in other billiard disciplines agreed to take up the game especially for a challenge match .	14	disciplines	areas
Its official population count was 761,137 inhabitants in 2006 ; however , some estimates indicate its population may be as high as 1.2 million .	6	inhabitants	people
In the diagram to the left , the white pawn may capture either the black rook or the black knight .	2	diagram	picture
In reward for good behavior , Johns was issued with a ticket of leave on arrival , and on 10 March 1855 he received a conditional pardon .	8	issued	given
